The Atlanta Hawks (46 - 12) beat the Orlando Magic (19 - 41) 95 - 88 on Friday. Al Horford had a good all - around game, putting up 17 points, 13 rebounds, four assists and two steals in a tough matchup against Nikola Vucevic. Kyle Korver was the lone Atlanta starter not to reach double figures in points. Jeff Teague bounced back from an illness, he scored 17 points to go along with seven assists and two steals. After a rough start to the month, the Hawks have won three straight and sit atop the Eastern Conference with a nine game lead on the second place Toronto Raptors. The Magic lost in devastating fashion to the Miami Heat in overtime Wednesday. They blew a seven point lead with 43 seconds remaining and they might have carried that with them into Friday's contest against the Hawks. Vucevic led the Magic with 21 points and 15 rebounds. Aaron Gordon (ankle) and Evan Fournier (hip) were unable to play due to injury. The Magic have four teams between them and the eighth and final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference. The Magic will host the Charlotte Hornets on Sunday, and the Hawks with take on the Heat in Miami on Saturday.

The Brooklyn Nets (37 - 42) defeated the Washington Wizards (45 - 34) 117 - 80 on Friday in Brooklyn. The Nets seized control of this game from the very start, opening up a 31 - 14 lead after the first quarter. They also ended the contest on a very strong note, winning the fourth quarter 42 - 18. Brook Lopez once again led the way for the Nets, as he continues to play his best basketball of the season. He had 26 points (12 - 22 FG) and nine rebounds, and in his last five games is averaging 25 points and 10 rebounds in his last five games. Bojan Bogdonavic was not far behind, scoring 22 points (7 - 12 FG, 6 - 6 3Pt) in 30 minutes off the bench. Jarrett Jack (14) and Thaddeus Young (10) were the only other Brooklyn players to score in double figures, and while he did not reach double figure scoring, Deron Williams still put together a solid stat line of nine points (3 - 11 FG, 2 - 4 3Pt), nine assists and seven rebounds in 31 minutes. The win, along with a Celtics win, leaves the Nets in a tie for the final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference, but they are losing the tiebreaker to Boston. They currently hold a 2 - game lead over the Pacers for that position with just three games left to play in the regular season. The Wizards rested John Wall for the second night in a row, as they do not have much to play for as the season winds down. Bradley Beal played well in the losing effort, scoring a team - high 24 points (10 - 19 FG, 3 - 4 3Pt), while Marcin Gortat recorded a monster double - double of 21 points (9 - 11 FG) and 16 rebounds. Ramon Sessions filled in for Wall once again, but struggled shooting the ball, going 1 - for - 7 from the field for two points to go along with 10 assists and seven rebounds. Even with the loss, Washington is sitting comfortably in fifth place in the East, and since they are unable to move up or down in the standings regardless of the outcomes for these final three games in the regular season. Up next, the Nets will head to Milwaukee Sunday to take on the Bucks, while the Wizards head home Sunday and play the East-leading Hawks.

The Portland Trail Blazers (19 - 25) defeated the host Washington Wizards (19 - 21) 108 - 98, at Verizon Center in Washington D.C. on Monday. The Trail Blazers came out firing in this one. After a humiliating loss against the 76ers last Saturday it seemed as though they had a point to prove. Portland jumped out to a 32 - 17 lead after one but Washington responded with a 40 point second quarter, making it a two - point game by halftime. Portland once again came out of the dressing room guns blazing, winning the third quarter 35 - 19. The Trial Blazers were up by as many as 24 in the fourth and cruised to the ten point victory. Washington has now lost five of its last six at home and is 9 - 13 at home overall. C.J. McCollum led the Trail Blazers in scoring with 25 points (9 - 16 FG, 6 - 10 3Pt), along with two assists and two rebounds, in 34 minutes. Damian Lillard finished with 16 points (7 - 16 FG, 2 - 6 3Pt), six assists and two rebounds, in 34 minutes. Mason Plumlee was close to a triple - double, with 10 points, 11 rebounds and seven assists, in 23 minutes. Portland shot an impressive 17 - 31 from long range and 51 percent from the field. Washington came into this one missing Otto Porter Jr. (hip), Kris Humphries (knee) and Drew Gooden (calf). Despite missing three solid pieces, the Wizards still had six players score in double digits. Garrett Temple started in place of Bradley Beal and led the Wizards in scoring, with 18 points (6 - 10 FG, 3 - 5 3Pt). Beal, who has been dealing with a sore leg, played 24 minutes off the bench and finished with 16 points (4 - 8 FG, 3 - 5 3Pt, 5 - 6 FT) and five assists. Marcin Gortat notched a double - double with 16 points and 13 rebounds, with two blocked shots, in 36 minutes. The Wizards have now lost two in a row and sit 3 games out of the top eight in the East. They will host the Heat on Wednesday. Portland will return home to face Atlanta, on Wednesday. The Blazers sit only one game out of eighth in the West.

The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Brooklyn Nets, 112 - 103, at Barclays Center on Monday night. The Grizzlies (34 - 23) came in to Monday's contest a bit short - handed, as Tony Allen was given the night off to rest his 35 - year - old body. Memphis took advantage of their matchup against the worst team in the league to rest their defensive stalwart, but lately, the Nets (9 - 46) have played hard regardless of the circumstances. That transpired once again Monday, as Brooklyn shot a very respectable 46 percent from the field and committed a relatively modest 12 turnovers, significantly less than their average. However, Mike Conley took the reins of the Grizzlies offense with a 32 - point, six - assist, one - rebound, one - steal performance over 37 minutes, while also making a game - high 11 visits to the free - throw line. Five players hit double digits in the scoring column for the visitors, and they shot 51 percent from the field overall. Marc Gasol checked in second with a near double - double of 19 points, nine rebounds, eight assists, one steal and one block. Brandan Wright stepped in with a season - high 17 points that paced the bench, a total he supplemented with three rebounds, one assist and one steal over 21 minutes. Vince Carter supplied 14 points, three rebounds, one assist and two steals as a reserve. JaMychal Green totaled 10 points and six boards. James Ennis drew the start for Allen but generated a modest five points and five rebounds Brook Lopez and Spencer Dinwiddie led Brooklyn with matching 17 - point efforts, with the former dishing out five assists, hauling in three rebounds and recording a steal, and the latter providing three boards and one assist. Sean Kilpatrick led the bench with 15 points, six rebounds, three assists and one steal. Rondae Hollis-Jefferson collected 13 points, three boards, two assists and two steals. Trevor Booker matched Hollis-Jefferson's scoring total and added four rebounds and a steal. Bojan Bogdanovic submitted 11 points, five rebounds and two assists. The Grizzlies head back home to face off with the New Orleans Pelicans on Wednesday evening, while the Nets remain home to tangle with the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday night.

The New York Knicks defeated the visiting Portland Trail Blazers, 107 - 103, at Madison Square Garden on Tuesday. The Knicks (7 - 7) continued their solid efforts at home with the hard - fought victory, which came on the strength of Kristaps Porzingis' 31 points, nine rebounds, an assist and a block. The second - year big man's contributions were particularly valuable on a night where Carmelo Anthony was held to 7 - of - 22 shooting and 17 points overall by Maurice Harkless. Despite his relatively modest scoring output, the rest of the team, particularly the second unit, managed to pick up the slack, and New York shot 47 percent from the field overall. The Trail Blazers (8 - 8) were led by Damian Lillard's 22 points, which he supplemented with six assists, five rebounds and two steals. Backcourt mate C.J. McCollum followed with a full stat line of 16 points, five rebounds and five assists. Harkless complemented his strong defensive work against Anthony by contributing 15 points, eight boards, a steal and a block. Ed Davis turned in a solid start at power forward, posting a 14 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included a pair of blocks. Evan Turner paced the reserves with 11 points. Derrick Rose was a distant second behind Porzingis with 18 points, five assists, four rebounds, two steals and a block, and made a key jumper with seven seconds left to give the Knicks their final four - point margin of victory. Anthony supplemented his scoring total with six rebounds, a steal and a block. The remaining members of the starting five, Kyle O'Quinn and Courtney Lee, combined for a modest nine points and nine rebounds, but the bench was able to contribute 32 points overall. Mindaugus Kuzminskas paced the second unit's night with 10 points, three rebounds, an assist and a steal. The Trail Blazers hit the road again Wednesday to take on the Cleveland Cavaliers, while the Knicks remain home to face the Charlotte Hornets on Friday evening.

The Dallas Mavericks (9 - 3) defeated the Washington Wizards (7 - 3) 105 - 102 on Monday at the Verizon Center in Washington DC With their fifth straight victory, the Mavericks move within 2 games of the Southwest Division leading Memphis Grizzlies. Despite the defeat, the Wizards will maintain their Southeast Division lead, as they're 2 games ahead of the Miami Heat. This game remained extremely close from the opening tip - off to the final buzzer. The Mavericks were controlled by the hot hand of Monta Ellis, who finished with a career - high 34 points (10 - 21 FG, 3 - 4 3Pt, 12 - 14 FT). Despite having a limited offensive performance, Tyson Chandler definitely had a postive impact on the team's victory, as he had a staggering 16 rebounds and three blocks. Brandan Wright, continues his status as the most efficient man in the NBA as he finished with 14 points (6 - 7 FG) and six boards in only 24 minutes. Wizards center Marcin Gortat had an excellent night, as he finished with 17 points (7 - 12 FG, 3 - 4 FT) and six assists. In his debut game of the season, Bradley Beal did n't show any signs of rust, as he scored 21 points (9 - 16 FG, 3 - 6 3Pt) in only 25 minutes. Dallas will return home to square off against the Lakers on Friday, while Washington will stay home to face LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday.

The Memphis Grizzlies (29 - 11) knocked off the Portland Trail Blazers (30 - 11), 102 - 98, extending their winning streak to four games. Mike Conley missed his third straight dealing with ankle problems. Robin Lopez's hand injury extended his absence to 16 consecutive games. Zach Randolph grabbed 15 rebounds and vaulted to the top of the franchise's all - time rebound list. Beno Udrih, Courtney Lee and recently acquired Jeff Green scored 17 points apiece. For the second straight game, Marc Gasol led the team in assists with six, falling shy of a triple - double yet again. Wesley Matthews knocked in seven three - pointers to capture the franchise lead in made threes, supplanting Terry Porter. Chris Kaman, whose minutes have been restricted even with Robin Lopez sidelined, played at least 30 minutes from the second time in four contests. LaMarcus Aldridge scored a game - high 32 points, grabbed nine rebounds and blocked three shots in 39 minutes. The Grizzlies continue their five - game homestand Monday against the Dallas Mavericks, and the Trail Blazers return home to face the Sacramento Kings on Monday.

The Memphis Grizzlies (26 - 20) defeated the visiting Orlando Magic (20 - 23) 108 - 102 in overtime at FedEx Forum on Monday. The game had 21 lead changes and was tight throughout regulation, but a Jeff Green hook shot from about 12 feet out forced overtime where Memphis dominated. Green recorded a season - high 30 points with eight rebounds, two steals and an assist in 31 minutes off the bench, as the Grizzlies won for the 10th time in their last 11 at home. Memphis saw Tony Allen return to the lineup after missing two games with a sore knee and hamstring. Allen was in top form as he posted a career - high 12 rebounds with nine points and four steals in 40 minutes. Zach Randolph recorded a double - double with 18 points (8 - 16 FG) and 13 rebounds in a solid bounce - back win for the Grizzlies after their previous loss. The Magic, in the first of a three - game road trip, came out strong, scoring 65 points in the first half against the renowned Memphis defense. Three players scored a team - high 16 points, including Evan Fournier, who also had five assists and three rebounds in 35 minutes off the bench. Nikola Vucevic finished with 16 points and 14 rebounds, as well as three assists and two blocked shots in 39 minutes. Tobias Harris finished with 16 points, four rebounds and three assists in 39 minutes. Orlando made 19 turnovers, leading to their sixth loss in a row. The Magic will continue their road trip by playing their second game in as many nights in Milwaukee on Tuesday. The Grizzlies have a couple days off before they play host to the Bucks on Thursday.

The Portland Trail Blazers (6 - 3) defeated the Brooklyn Nets (4 - 4) 97 - 87 on Saturday. Portland has won four straight games, and they earned their latest win with LaMarcus Aldridge (illness) and Nicolas Batum (knee) out of the lineup. Allen Crabbe has been filling in as the starting small forward while Batum has been out the last three games, and coach Terry Stotts threw a minor curve ball Saturday by inserting Meyers Leonard into the starting lineup in place of Aldridge. Leonard pulled down 12 rebounds and showed off his new three - point shot, converting 1 - of - 3 attempts. The Trail Blazers have two more games on their homestand, with the next coming against the New Orleans Pelicans on Monday. Brooklyn dropped all three games on their short Western Conference roadtrip, and they'll head home to host the Miami Heat on Monday. Portland's three - point shooting was too much for Brooklyn on Saturday, and the Nets struggled on offense, shooting just 39 percent from the field and five percent from beyond the arc. Kevin Garnett recorded a double - double of 12 points and 12 rebounds in 27 minutes.

The Atlanta Hawks (59 - 19) defeated the Brooklyn Nets (35 - 42) 114 - 111 on Wednesday in Brooklyn. After a big fourth quarter from the Nets, the two teams went down to the wire, changing leads three times in the last two minutes before an Al Horford dunk and two free throws from Jeff Teague sealed the deal for Atlanta. Horford led the way for the Hawks, posting 24 points (11 - 20 FG, 1 - 1 3Pt), seven rebounds and four assists in 33 minutes of play. Teague recorded a double - double in the winning effort of 15 points (4 - 11 FG, 7 - 11 FT), 12 assists, six rebounds and four steals in 33 minutes as well. DeMarre Carroll was the other Atlanta starter to score in double figures, finishing with 19 points (7 - 13 FG, 3 - 7 3Pt), nine rebounds and four assists in 37 minutes. Mike Scott was also huge for the Hawks off the bench, scoring 20 points (7 - 14 FG, 2 - 6 3Pt, 4 - 6 FT) and grabbing eight rebounds in 31 minutes. Paul Millsap was out once again with a shoulder injury, while Mike Muscala got the start in his place, but he had just nine points (4 - 6 FG) in 24 minutes. The win brings Atlanta just one game away from 60 wins on the year with just four games remaining in the regular season. They have already locked up the number one seed for the Eastern Conference playoffs. Brook Lopez, as he has grown a habit of doing, led the way for Brooklyn, scoring 26 points (8 - 17 FG, 10 - 10 FT) and grabbing 10 rebounds in 39 minutes. Over his last two games now, Lopez has put up 58 points and 19 rebounds. Joe Johnson was not too far behind Lopez, scoring 21 points (9 - 15 FG, 3 - 9 3Pt) and grabbing eight rebounds, but he missed the potential game - tying three at the end of regulation. Deron Williams also continues to play well, posting a double - double of 10 points and 13 assists, while Thaddeus Young also recorded a double - double of 15 points and 11 rebounds. Jarrett Jack (14) and Bojan Bogdanovic (12) round out the six Nets' players who scored in double figures. The Nets were hot coming into Wednesday's matchup as winners of seven of their last eight, and while they are still winners of seven of their last nine, both those losses came at the hands of the Hawks. Regardless, the Nets still find themselves in the playoffs and hold a one - game lead over the Pacers and Heat for the final spot in the East. Up next, the Hawks will head home Friday to take on the Hornets, while the Nets will stay home Friday and play the Wizards.

The Atlanta Hawks (1 - 1) defeated the Washington Wizards (1 - 1) 106 - 90 on Tuesday at Philips Arena in Atlanta. After suffering a tough 104 - 98 defeat to the Wizards in game number one, the Hawks started this outing with some added fire and out - scored the Wizards 28 - 20 right away in the first quarter. Throughout the rest of the game, the Wizards slowly made their way back though, closing the gap to just five points with around four minutes left in the game. The Hawks made one final push and responded with a strong offensive run of their own, eventually finishing with an impressive 16 - point victory in front of their home crowd. With the victory, the Hawks tied the series at one win apiece and they'll have the momentum going into game three in Washington. The Wizards shot 43 percent from the field and 55 percent from the three - point line, but with John Wall sitting out due to a wrist injury, they were missing their most important weapon. While it was n't surprising the Wizards could n't overcome the loss of Wall, his replacement, Ramon Sessions, still had a solid showing as a starter. He went 8 - for - 14 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a playoff career - high of 21 points, while also adding four assists. While he played well, he still did n't have the playmaking ability that Wall is known for, so it was n't enough to propel the Wizards to a win. Bradley Beal was another reason the Wizards were able to come back after a weak first quarter. Beal finished with 20 points (8 - 22 FG, 2 - 3 3Pt, 2 - 3 FT), five rebounds and seven assists over 43 minutes. Beal has now combined for 48 points, eight assists and four steals over the first two games of this series, so he's been very effective and should continue as the Wizards head back home to Washington. Both Paul Pierce and Otto Porter reached double figures in points as well. Pierce recorded 15 points (5 - 10 FG, 5 - 8 3Pt) and five rebounds, while Porter chipped in with 15 points (6 - 12 FG, 2 - 3 3Pt, 1 - 2 FT), eight rebounds and five assists off the bench. If Porter can continue to play this well off the bench, he'll only make this Wizards' team even more dangerous once Wall returns. The winner of this game of course was the Hawks though, as their frontcourt was dominant. The trio of DeMarre Carroll, Paul Millsap and Al Horford all helped the Hawks' starting frontcourt to out - score the Wizards' frontcourt 58 - 27. Carroll led the team, finishing with 22 points (9 - 16 FG, 1 - 4 3Pt, 3 - 3 FT), six rebounds and four assists. He continues to be a surprise for the Hawks considering how consistent he's been throughout the playoffs. He's now posted six straight games with 20 or more points and is averaging 19 points over eight outings this postseason. He only averaged 13 points during the regular season, so he's really elevated his play. Millsap and Horford contributed with 18 points a piece. Millsap added 11 rebounds and four steals, while Horford had six assists and three steals. While not something they're usually known for, the combined steals from both Horford and Millsap helped force the Wizards into sixteen turnovers, while the Hawks committed just 10 of their own. Coming off the bench, Kent Bazemore went a perfect 3 - for - 3 from the field and 2 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 10 points over 17 minutes. These two teams will play next on Saturday in Washington for game number three of this best - of - seven series.

The Atlanta Hawks defeated the New York Knicks, 108 - 107, at Madison Square Garden on Monday afternoon. Both teams came into the game with notable changes to their respective starting lineups. Atlanta (24 - 17) gave Dwight Howard the afternoon off for rest, which slid Paul Millsap over to center and Thabo Sefolosha to power forward, as Mike Muscala was unavailable due to an ankle injury suffered Sunday. Meanwhile, the Knicks (18 - 24) replaced Courtney Lee with Ron Baker at the two - guard spot, and brought Mindaugas Kuzminskas into the starting five as well with Lance Thomas unavailable due to a broken orbital bone and possible concussion brought about by a Jonas Valanciunas elbow a day prior. Carmelo Anthony shifted to power forward in place of Kristaps Porzingis, who was once again absent due to his sore Achilles. The personnel shifts did n't affect the quality of play in the least, and in fact, may have enhanced it. The two teams engaged in an entertaining back - and - forth battle that was n't decided until the final seconds, when a Joakim Noah shot attempt failed to find the net. Dennis Schroder, who had endured a rough couple of games coming in to Monday, had given the Hawks what would be their final margin of victory with a 25 - foot three - pointer jumper with 22 seconds remaining. A revitalized Schroder led Atlanta with 28 points overall, a total he supplemented with three rebounds and three assists. Tim Hardaway, Jr. checked in second with 20 points, four assists, three rebounds and a steal. Millsap was effective at the five, posting 17 points, seven rebounds, six assists, three steals and three blocks. Kent Bazemore followed up a strong Sunday showing with 16 points, six rebounds, five assists and a steal. Kris Humphries got extra run off the bench with Muscala out and led the second unit with 14 points, seven boards, an assist and a steal. The Knicks were paced by Carmelo Anthony, who went off for 30 points, seven rebounds, two assists and a steal. Derrick Rose followed with a near double - double consisting of 18 points, nine assists, four rebounds, a steal and a block. Kuzminskas supplied 14 points, five rebounds, two assists and a pair of steals. Noah registered a modest seven points but hauled in 17 boards, while also providing three assists, two blocks and a steal. Justin Holiday led the bench with 11 points and four rebounds. The Hawks continue on the road and next head to the Motor City, where they'll face the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday night. The Knicks make the short trip to Boston to tangle with the Celtics that same evening.

The Brooklyn Nets (11 - 28) defeated the New York Knicks (20 - 21) 110 - 104 on Wednesday. The Nets secured their first victory under interim head coach Tony Brown - - and broke a 10 - game home losing streak - - with some uncharacteristic offense that included a late 10 - 2 run. Brooklyn had astoundingly failed to reach 90 points in four straight games coming into Wednesday, and had not even managed to hit the 80 - point mark in three of those contests. Meanwhile, New York came in sporting a Top 10 - ranked defensive unit in terms of points allowed, but did learn shortly before game time that superstar Carmelo Anthony would sit out with the ankle sprain that had caused him to leave Tuesday's showdown with the Celtics early. Despite an outstanding performance from Derrick Williams off the bench that helped make up for a large part of the points Anthony took with him to the bench, it was a resurgent Nets squad that got key contributions from a combination of starters and reserves that helped key the win. Williams did lead the visitors with a season - high 31 - point performance, his best outing since he amassed the same total versus the Mavericks back on December 9, 2013 while a member of the Sacramento Kings. He also added seven rebounds and a pair of steals over 32 action - packed minutes. Arron Afflalo continued his solid stretch of shooting with 18 points on an 8 - for - 16 effort from the field. He also hauled in three rebounds and added two assists. Jose Calderon made it a productive night for the Knicks backcourt with 16 points, seven rebounds, four assists and a pair of steals. The frontcourt was n't bad either, beginning with rookie sensation Kristaps Porzingis, who tallied a 12 - point, 10 - rebound double - double despite only shooting 5 - for - 17 from the field. Robin Lopez also put together a solid game versus his brother Brook, tallying nine points and 12 boards. The Knicks fell to 20 - 21 and are now in third place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They head to Memphis to face off with the Grizzlies on Saturday. Brooklyn's attack was, as customary, spearheaded by Brook Lopez, who put up 20 points, eight rebounds, five assists, two steals and a block in an inspired performance against his brother, Robin. The most encouraging effort of the night however, may have been that of Thaddeus Young. Mired in a slump over recent games, Young bounced back with an outstanding 19 - point, 11 - rebound double - double that also included a trio of assists and a trio of steals. It was the first double - double over the last five games for Young, who'd made such performances the norm at one point earlier in the season. Veteran Joe Johnson stuffed the stat sheet with 14 points, seven rebounds, six assists and a steal. Brown also decided to give the starting backcourt of Wayne Ellington and Donald Sloan an opportunity at redemption after a lackluster first game together, and they responded with slightly better production. The former managed 10 points, a pair of rebounds and a pair of assists, while the latter provided eight points, four rebounds, three assists and a steal. However, Sloan was outplayed by the man he usurped for the starting point guard spot, Shane Larkin, as he paced the Nets' bench with 17 points, five assists and a pair of rebounds over 25 minutes. The Nets improved to 11 - 28 and continue entrenched in fourth place in the Eastern Conference's Atlantic Division. They remain home for a Friday night match - up against the Portland Trail Blazers.

The Orlando Magic (17 - 39) defeated the New York Knicks (10 - 43) 89 - 83 on Wednesday at the Amway Center. Defense prevailed throughout this low scoring affair as Orlando held New York to 34% shooting from the field. On the other end of the floor, Orlando's Nikola Vucevic had another stellar game against New York. Vucevic ended with 28 points and 18 rebounds to notch his 32nd double - double of the season. New York came into this game with a patchwork lineup after Carmelo Anthony was sidelined with lingering knee issues. Tim Hardaway Jr. moved into the starting lineup and contributed 10 points on 2 - of - 9 shooting. Jason Smith exploded for 21 points in the first half, but added just four points the rest of the way. The Knicks will resume play Feb. 20 against the Heat. Orlando was able to go into the All-Star break on a high note and avoided its 13th loss in 14 contests. The Magic got strong performances from some unlikely players after Channing Frye had to leave the game with a dislocated finger. Dewayne Dedmon had six blocks in 21 minutes before fouling out and Willie Green put up 13 points off the bench. Orlando will return to action Feb. 20 against New Orleans.

The Washington Wizards defeated the New York Knicks, 119 - 112, at Verizon Center on Thursday. The Wizards' (3 - 8) offense received a notable boost with the return of Bradley Beal, who'd missed three games with a hamstring injury. The talented two - guard posted 18 points, five assists and two rebounds over 29 minutes, knocking down half of his six three - point attempts in the process. The remainder of the starting five made sizable contributions as well, with three other players also hitting double digits in the scoring column. The reserves were solid as well, totaling 33 points, and the Wizards shot a stellar 54 percent from the field overall and 60 percent from three - point range. The Knicks (5 - 7) saw Derrick Rose lead the way with a game - high 27 points, which he complemented with four assists, two rebounds and a steal. Carmelo Anthony managed 19 points, three rebounds, three assists and a steal. Kristaps Porzingis supplied 16 points, seven boards, two assists and four steals. Brandon Jennings was outstanding off the bench over 24 minutes, posting a 17 - point, 10 - assist double - double that also included five rebounds and a steal. John Wall paced the Wizards with a 23 - point, 11 - assist double - double that he rounded out with two rebounds and a steal. Otto Porter continued his recent stretch of strong play with 21 points, eight rebounds, an assist, two steals and a block. Marcin Gortat was solid down low, registering 16 points, eight rebounds, an assist and a block. Markieff Morris was the only Washington player not to tally double - digit scoring, but he did generate a full stat line of eight points, eight boards, two assists and a steal. Marcus Thornton paced the reserves with 13 points, two rebounds, an assist and a steal. The Knicks return home to face the Atlanta Hawks on Sunday, while the Wizards face off with the Miami Heat at home on Saturday night.

The Atlanta Hawks (18 - 12) defeated the Portland Trail Blazers (11 - 19) by the score of 106 - 97, Monday night in Georgia. This was set to be a very tough game for the Blazers, as their top two scorers were out with injuries. Damian Lillard aggravated the plantar fasciitis he's been dealing with in his left foot, while C.J. McCollum was out with an ankle sprain. The Trail Blazers jumped to a quick 50 start but Atlanta caught up and took a 9 - 7 lead with about seven minutes left in the first and held on to it the rest of the way. Portland fought back with a 39 point fourth quarter but it was not enough to over come the 19 - point lead that the Blazers had going into the quarter. Atlanta had six players score in double digits and shot a solid 48 percent from the field as a team. Dennis Schroder was the only player to score more than 13 for the Hawks. He finished with 18 points (7 - 10 FG, 3 - 4 3Pt), three assists, one rebound and one steal, in 17 minutes. Jeff Teague struggled shooting (4 - 12 FG, 0 - 4 3Pt) but still finished with 13 points, eight assists, two rebounds and two steals. Thabo Sefolosha chipped in 13 points as well but on much better shooting (5 - 6 FG, 1 - 1 3Pt), along with six rebounds, one assist and one steal. The Hawks have now won four straight. Despite missing their two best scorers, the Trail Blazers still put up 97 points, with five players scoring in double digits and 10 players contributing points. Allen Crabbe led the way in scoring with 19 points (8 - 18 FG, 1 - 5 3Pt), along with four rebounds and two assists. Mason Plumlee finished with a solid double - double including 11 points and 10 rebounds, along with six assists, one steal and one block, in 26 minutes. Tim Frazier, who was last year's D-League Rookie of the Year and Most Valuable Player, played almost the whole game for Portland, logging 47 minutes and 35 seconds. He finished with 12 points (5 - 15 FG, 0 - 4 3Pt), seven rebounds, seven assists and two steals. The Blazers have now lost four straight. Next up the Trail Blazers will finish up their current five - game road trip with a game in New Orleans on Wednesday. The Hawks will host the Pistons for a good Eastern Conference battle on Wednesday.

The Memphis Grizzlies (50 - 21) defeated the New York Knicks (14 - 57) 103 - 82 on Monday at Madison Square Garden in New York. While the Knicks have already been eliminated from playoff contention, the Grizzlies continue to sit comfortable in the top half of the Western Conference standings. They currently remain two and a half games above the Houston Rockets for the second seed in the West, but also trail the Golden State Warriors by seven games for the top overall seed. The Grizzlies were the much better shooting team in this game, going 52 percent from the field and an impressive 58 percent from the three - point line, while the Knicks ended at just 42 percent from the floor and a meager 22 percent from deep. The Grizzlies' starting frontcourt came up big again Monday, as they combined to score 56 of the 103 total points. Zach Randolph led the way, finishing with a team - high of 23 points (9 - 12 FG, 5 - 6 FT), to go along with seven rebounds and five assists. He's played well of late for Memphis and is averaging 19 points and 7 rebounds over his last five games. Marc Gasol also had a strong showing, posting 21 points (9 - 17 FG, 3 - 5 FT) and eight rebounds over 32 minutes. Gasol shot just 27 percent (4 - 15 FG) from the field during Saturday's game against the Portland Trail Blazers, so it was good to see him have a lot more success on Monday. Jeff Green chipped in with 12 points (4 - 9 FG, 0 - 1 3Pt, 4 - 4 FT) and three rebounds as well. It was Vince Carter and Kosta Koufos who provided a nice push off the bench. Carter finished with 14 points (4 - 8 FG, 4 - 6 3Pt, 2 - 2 FT) in 21 minutes, while Koufos recorded 10 points (5 - 7 FG) and five rebounds in 16 minutes. Langston Galloway did his best to keep the Knicks in this game, going 7 - for - 16 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 19 points, while also adding seven rebounds and five assists. He had combined to go 5 - for - 22 from the floor and just 1 - for - 7 from deep over his last two games, so it was a breath of fresh air for Knicks' fans seeing Galloway shoot a little better Monday. Andrea Bargnani did his part as well, posting 18 points (8 - 18 FG, 1 - 4 3Pt, 1 - 2 FT) and two blocked shots in 31 minutes. He's been one of the more consistent players for this team, averaging 17 points, 4 rebounds and one blocked shot during his last 10 games. With Alexey Shved sidelined with a rib injury, Shane Larkin moved into the starting lineup, but he contributed just four points (2 - 7 FG, 0 - 1 3Pt) and seven assists in 43 minutes. Lance Thomas chipped in with 15 points (6 - 12 FG, 1 - 3 3Pt, 2 - 2 FT) and two steals, while Jason Smith came off the bench for 16 points (6 - 12 FG, 0 - 3 3Pt, 4 - 4 FT) and four rebounds. The Grizzlies' next game will be at home against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday, while the Knicks will be at home against the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday.

The Orlando Magic (19 - 13) outlasted the Brooklyn Nets (9 - 23) in a tight one Wednesday night at the Amway Center, 100 - 93. It all came down to a wild fourth quarter which included three ties and five lead changes. A Tobias Harris layup with 16 seconds to go gave the Magic a 94 - 93 lead they would not relinquish. Nikola Vucevic led the Magic with 20 points on 9 - 18 shooting and added nine rebounds, including five on the offensive glass. The Magic pulled down 17 offensive rebounds as a team, the main reason they managed to escape with the win despite a 44 percent shooting night. Evan Fournier added 17 points and shot 3 - 8 from three - point land. Nets center Brook Lopez finished with game highs in points (24) and rebounds (15) as he earned his third consecutive double - double. Began Bogdanovic scored 20 points, but was part of the Nets’ struggles from three - point range, as he shot 1 - 6 from three and the team managed just 3 - 20 (15 percent). The Nets have won just two of their last 10 and finish a three - game road trip Saturday against Boston. The Magic have now won four of five and will try to stay hot New Year’s Day against the Wizards in Washington.

The Portland Trail Blazers (35 - 32) defeated the Orlando Magic (28 - 37) 121 - 84 at Moda Center on Saturday. The Blazers won by the definition of team effort and the scoring outburst from their bench. Granted, the Magic were thin in terms of talent, as Elfrid Payton (elbow), Brandon Jennings (achilles) and Nikola Vucevic (groin) were all out for the game. Portland dominated every quarter of play and went into the half with a 21 point lead, and the efficient shooting as a whole kept Orlando out of striking distance throughout the final two quarters. The Blazers were led by Damian Lillard, who fell below scoring average, which is good for fifth in the league this year, but still turned in 19 points, 10 assists and four rebounds on 6 - of - 11 shooting. C.J. McCollum added 18 points on 8 - of - 17 shooting, to go along with three assists and one board. The starters kept the Magic at bay, but the bench added fuel to the fire in turning this game into a blowout. Gerald Henderson, Allen Crabbe and Meyers Leonard each played 20 - plus minutes, and combined 42 points on 15 - of - 23 shooting. Dewayne Dedmon and C.J. Watson started alongside Evan Fournier, Aaron Gordon and Victor Oladipo, but their lowly five combined points showed how thin the Magic are as a unit. Oladipo led Orlando in scoring, as he contributed 18 points, one assist and one rebound, while Gordon totaled 17 points, three dimes and four boards. The Blazers will visit the Oklahoma City Thunder (44 - 23) on Monday, while the Magic host the Denver Nuggets (27 - 38) on Tuesday.

The Atlanta Hawks (11 - 7) used a balanced attack to overcome the powerful Memphis Grizzlies (9 - 8) by a score of 116 - 101. Memphis had a strong first quarter and jumped to a 36 - 29 lead but Atlanta won the next three quarters, including a definitive 31 - 19 fourth quarter. Atlanta had six players score in double digits and an impressive 25 assists on 35 made field goals. Paul Milsap led the way with a big double double consisting of 23 points on 6 - 10 shooting, 11 - 13 from the foul line and 14 rebounds. Jeff Teague was the engine for the Hawks with 20 points on 5 - 7 shooting, 4 - 6 from deep, and seven assists in just 29 minutes. Al Horford posted 16 points and four rebounds, the big man shot an efficient 2 - 3 from long range. Kent Bazemore played despite being considered doubtful with a sore ankle and played well, finishing with 14 points, three rebounds and two assists. Memphis also had six players score in double digits but shot a poor 43 percent from the field as a team. Mike Conley was the high point man for the Grizz with 16 and dished a generous nine assists. Matt Barnes chipped in 15 points in 27 minutes, shooting 3 - 7 from deep. Vince Carter saw some extended minutes and took advantage with 14 points on 4 - 10 shooting from the field, including 4 - 9 from long range. Courtney Lee also chipped in 14 points off the bench. Zach Randolph was missed as he sat this one out with a sore knee. Atlanta will be back in action on Saturday night as they continue their road trip with a game in San Antonio. Memphis will have a day off before hosting Philadelphia on Sunday.

The Washington Wizards (15 - 16) defeated the Orlando Magic (19 - 14) 103 - 91 on Friday. The Wizards have been more reliant than ever on All-Star point guard John Wall over the last three - plus weeks while Bradley Beal has been sidelined with his lower leg injury, and he has largely responded in fine form. While veteran Garrett Temple has generally done a solid job in Beal's stead, he has considerably cooled off since a three - game stretch in mid - to - late December where he tallied over 20 points in each contest. It was Wall's turn to save the day again Friday, as he led Washington to a 31 - 19 fourth quarter that allowed them to pull away from the pesky Magic. The 25 - year - old impressively tallied 12 points and five assists in the final period to spearhead the Wizards' offensive attack and secure the victory. Orlando's leading scorer was a pleasant surprise in a couple of ways, considering he played a reserve role and had been hunting for a breakout game for some time. Victor Oladipo served as the Magic's top gun Friday, collecting 20 points and adding five assists, a rebound and four steals over 31 minutes. It was notably the 23 - year - old's first 20 - point - plus effort since Dec. 5 against the Clippers, a stretch of 12 games prior to tonight. Nikola Vucevic led the starters with 14 points and seven rebounds, but slowed down after a relatively fast start against the tough defense of Marcin Gortat. Tobias Harris did manage a double - double with 13 points and 10 rebounds, and Evan Fournier somewhat underwhelmed with a sluggish 11 - point, three - assist, two - rebound outing. Elfrid Payton (three points, seven assists, a rebound and a steal) and Channing Frye (four points, six rebounds, two assists) simply could n't get anything significant going to help Orlando's cause. The Magic dropped to 19 - 14 and momentarily reside in second place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division, a position that could drop down one slot should the Miami Heat defeat the Mavericks later in the evening. Orlando heads to Cleveland for a showdown with the Cavaliers on Saturday. Wall led Washington with an overall tally of 24 points, 13 assists, two rebounds, a pair of steals and a block. It was remarkably his eighth straight double - double and 11th in the last 12 contests. Otto Porter, Jr. contributed double - digit points and rebounds as well, managing 20 points and 11 rebounds, and adding three assists, four steals and a block, his third straight 20 - point - plus outing. Gortat joined the double - double parade with 10 points and 14 rebounds, while Temple pitched in with 11 points and three assists. Ramon Sessions and Kris Humphries paced the Wizards' bench with 13 and 11 points, respectively. The Wizards improved to 15 - 16 but are still entrenched in last place in the Eastern Conference's Southeast Division. They remain home to tangle with the Miami Heat on Sunday.

